Hello, everyone.
So after successfully creating the frame of the ban, we are going to add I can do the.
Yes, I can do that.
No tear, don't take over.
So invoking the Matildas image, I could.
Naming the variable American, we have to set a new icon,
for the most part, they're told by.
So the method to do this is get glass first, get the glass.
For the image being broken and get resources
from the folder itself.
So for setting the image, firstly, we have to put name right.
So yes, this is done.
New standard spending.
I am going to.
Pasted her, so I am grounded and now going to use it.
The name is suggesting no standard, Bindi.
So the images ended successfully.
Now let us try to run the program.
So I'm running this program.
Let us suppose that I couldn't you said, yes, perfect.
This is the like we have said for the noted down title nine.
And on minimizing it, the icon changes from the Java Cup coffee mug icon to this notepad icon.
So we have successfully said the icon for the northwest.
Now let us switch to creating the number for this, like currently it has only a body in this title,
but let us be into tending bar, which will contain Barton, says file added health and so on.
Now we are going to create a menu bar for this slowed down.
So to create them anew, but we have to use this celebrity devastating as it has a function form, a
new moral social gym, a new bar from jealously calling this.
And naming the third as menubar.
And create a new menu, Mark.
Yes.
So the menu bar is created successfully.
Now try to earn some change to the menu bar scene so that new menu will contain supposed file file option.
New menu find.
Soyuz.
And we have created fine.
Let us try to run this again.
And running this.
So, yes, this is no.
We have to add members to them and.
If we want to see.
So below the constructive path we are going to call.
At a minimum.
From the nearby Swing Library itself.
No menu, no.
Not turned by.
We are doing fine to them in Yuma.
Now let us try to run this again.
And running this back.
We have our file now.
We have to move it to Upwork's, and the heading part is on the top of the bin.
Not in the middle of summer, so costly.
Move it to adding some more things to the menu bar.
And then shifting it to the upwards.
So let us send and then help option.
In a similar way, we have added fine, Michael, being the same and changing it to end it.
And have.
Yes.
Similarly, placing the string on government forces this day menu.
Oh, yes.
And after adding this.
Many of us.
Noted and it.
Many, many more authentic.
So many than have.
Hmm.
So we have successfully added two more things to the menu bar, and now we will try to run this again.
So, yes, the fields are added to the menu, but now they may try shifting towards upwards.
So we have our it as an menu.
But that is a separate method of adding menu bar.
So.
Now, mentally there, said Jim and Umar.
No menu, Mark.
Now, let us try to run this again and see what it is.
So perfect.
We have it in the menu bar map behind it.
We need the title and we have a fine editor and a Halliburton.
So currently they have no options attached, but we will try to add some options inside the file.
A written.
So let's minimize it and try adding some functions inside the File A and has buttons, here we are adding
a menu bar items.
It is also from the library itself.
No, I don't let let's call it does new, I suppose, if we want to open a new file in the northwest.
Production goes for.
The Jim Menu item will be.
Called in new.
Fair to be.
We have created a method for the file option, as we know, let us search some more options in a similar
manner.
Let us address this as open plain.
Safe while.
Parental neglect, as we have discussed in the introduction, Brinton, Except.
And replace it.
Hurdles so open.
Say.
Playing.
And what?
Now, let us try to run this and see in the file button contains the given options or not.
So clicking on the file.
OK, so we have to end it.
In the constructor also.
So adding a tear.
Filed or 10, similarly, that we have added more items to the menu, but like file edit and we have
to add methods to this file button as well as new file.
And again, hoping it five more times and twisting.
But open plan exit then say so and open.
They've.
And.
Is it?
Exist.
Yes.
Not to change her.
This will remain and for all of them.
Just change the argument and say that matter.
So let us try to run this again.
Running this court.
They're not part of this.
Yes and no.
We have new open, safe print and exit option for the final button in the menu bar.
Similarly, we will search something for edit and in the next.
And then practice this with with your with your compiler and explore more about these buttons, the
frame and the panels.
See you in the next part.